Port legacy docs to Zola (#1495)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/docs/legacy/made-for-matrix-badge.md

+++
title = "Made for Matrix Badge Guidelines"
aliases = ["/docs/guides/made-for-matrix-badge-guidelines"]
+++

Include the Made for Matrix badge to communicate that your client, server, SDK,
bot or service is made using the Matrix protocol.

[Download](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1VX-4R6nqKbKGZX0qS_k8QLzlzynJZIlu)

## Preferred Badge

![made for matrix](/docs/legacy/made-for-matrix.png)

Use the preferred black badge in your marketing materials. When using the badge
on your website, link the badge to https://matrix.org using the
`target="_blank"` attribute.

## Inverted Badge

![made for matrix](/docs/legacy/made-for-matrix-inverted.png)

> If the preferred black badge isn’t legible in your layout, for example because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the preferred black badge isn't legible in your layout, for example because
```
